Hello everyone.
Hi.
Think we are missing?
Maybe two or three people. I'll
give him just a minute.
It is a Friday after a short
week.
So.
It may take them just a moment
to get on.
Alright, it is 2 after. We'll go
ahead and get started and others
can can join in as we get going.
So I believe I may have been on
meetings with the handful of
you, but not everybody. My name
is Stephanie Hawkins, I am new
to.
I was I get summer classes and
then I want to say, yeah, you at
the same time. I am new. I am a
BA. I work with Ben.
And.
I essentially am here to now
start gathering requirements.
4 enhancements, new products,
projects, etcetera that need to
take place within Southern,
Southern.
Summer classics and Gabby.
So essentially what will happen
is this meeting is really
introductory. It's for me to
kind of get background on this
particular rock. Essentially all
that I've been given is what was
included in the meeting meeting
notice. So kind of gather
everybody here so I can get a
general scope, a general idea of
of the current issues and
current desired solutions and
then I go back and I write it up
into a requirements document.
You guys review it and kind of
tell me if I'm on the right
track, anything that I'm
missing, anything that's come up
that needs to be added and then
once we can all agree, we'll get
approval and then it will get
passed over to IT development,
dondy, kather, etcetera for to
be scheduled within their world
to actually have it developed,
coded and put out there for
testing and implementation. So
that's kind of what I do on a a
quick little bundle.
I did see Carlos that her
meeting was running over, so she
will be over just shortly, but
we'll go ahead and get started.
For me, the only thing that I
have is that being basically
said that we should be
automating the invoicing process
for wholesale.
Um, he wanted to get an idea of
what happens when applying
deposits for different types of
invoices, for instance, prepaid,
as well as ensuring that the
branding and formatting are
correct, wanted to streamline
the number of emails and
invoices that are sent and
received and make sure that the
brand identity and inclusion is
up to date and correct.
So I must apologize I don't know
exactly who is in each one of
these two areas, but I would
like to start with the
automation of invoicing process
for wholesale account of want to
get a background on what is
currently done in a nutshell and
then kind of what is desired to
be done.
Well, I do the invoicing and
Trish.
Backs me up.
And.
What happens he is.
The, the. The.
All the orders are in the
dispatch notes.
And I invoice from dispatch
notes.
I just go in and I click on it
and.
If there's money on the order, I
take the payment.
There's not you just invoice
that I.
OK. And so.
Go ahead. Go ahead.
That that's I mean.
There's different.
Like I get a lot of marketing
invoices that I just invoice.
They're not from dispatch notes.
I just invoice those what I call
the old way before we went to
this patch notes.
What do you mean by you get a
lot of marketing invoices? I'm
on the marketing team by the
way. Ohh goyen.
Going in.
Every time she ships out, I get
an invoice for it. Most of it's
no charge, but every one of them
have to be invoiced.
And those things like marketing
swatches and memos, yes.
All right. And if we could
somehow get those put into
dispatch new nutrish, we can't
hear you at all. I don't know
what's wrong, but.
We couldn't hear you in the
level 10 yesterday. Can you hear
me now? Yeah, OK. I thought I
switched it off. Sometimes these
work better for me. So if we
could get those marketing orders
like that put into dispatch
notes, I think it'd be a lot
easier because that's a lot more
manual for Miss Ellen to do that
and and there's a lot of them
every day. Yeah. Can we level
set on what you mean by so,
meaning if a wholesale customer
places?
In order for Swatch samples or
anything out of marketing
fulfillment, it's an invoice
that we create for those
materials there. I realize
they're often 0 charge, but we
still have to create an invoice
because that product is going
out of her warehouse and going
to a customer, correct. Is that
right? Yeah. And it's just
invoice from the peak ticket
that's I get a peak ticket.
And our invoice from that, yeah,
I think part of the problem is
hers are difference because
she's not on the same syspro
system as everybody. So there's
a lot of I've elevated it now
and it's kind of moved to the
top of the list. She's not in
the same warehouse and says bro
as everybody and it's a really
big problem.
And she is that Gwen or Ellen?
Gwen. Gwen. OK.
So when she was when is on
Stacey's team, for what it's
worth. Yeah. OK, thank you. So
then if she was in the same
warehouse, would that eliminate
the issue or would we still need
to have it placed in dispatch
notes for Ellen and Trish?
I am confused by that, that
she's not in the same warehouse.
What does that mean exactly? I I
don't know if this is related. I
just know that she's on
different systems than
everybody. Like a marketing
warehouse. Yeah, it's it's a
marketing warehouse that's
different from what? Like
operations is in like her
inventory is not.
Trackable, like everybody else,
is connected like everything
else. So a lot of what she does
is manual. Everything she does
is manual.
OK, so I will say that I am
working with her, actually just
got off a call with her to try
to do some automation for
marketing Swatch fulfillment to
try to make it match more of
what is done for distro.
But where uh, we have, she was
telling me a lot of this. She
takes paper down to you, Ellen,
a stats of paper and that you I
think that's what you're
describing now. So we're looking
to figure out how to eliminate
that scanning of barcodes on the
pit tickets, Umm, and the
automatic creation of labels in
two ship, would any of that
affect what we're talking about
here? Would that be helpful or
not helpful? Completely
different wheelhouse.
Ohh, not certain. Not certain. I
don't know. Yeah. I mean, I
would think if it was, if it was
in dispatch notes, it would.
From every day, you know, just.
As they're entered like a
regular order instead of her
brain stacks of paperwork and
then and then she has to like
manually type in the tracking
and stuff. So.
For correct, yes.
OK. And so it is. So then the
current issue is that because
her invoices are not in dispatch
notes, it would creates a lot of
manual work for Ellen and
Patricia. Is that correct?
Which takes a lot of a lot of
extra time, slows productivity,
doesn't affect anyone else
besides the two of you.
I guess mostly me Trish don't
really do the marketing
invoices. I only I only work on
those. If Miss Allen is out for
like a week on vacation or
something, OK.
All right. So if we can get
those invoices fed into dispatch
notes and that eliminate the
need for paper.
For her physically bringing for
them, yes. And we understand
that a lot of the issues because
Ellen currently has a marketing
warehouse as opposed to what
everybody else is doing. So
that's creating some issues in
the on the back end before it
ever gets to to Ellen for what
she needs to do, yeah.
So that is that essentially is
the solution there. Is there
anything else that needs to be
done in terms of getting the
invoices into dispatch notes? Is
it just simply having them into
dispatch notes as you receive
all the other invoices? Yes.
OK.
No additional changes would need
to be done for those.
Well, I mean whatever the
process is for entering the
shipping information, you know
like the FedEx number, tracking
number and that would have to
happen also, but I assume that
goes along with the process of.
You know, getting them to
dispatch notes.
Is that information that you
would need in dispatch notes?
Like yes, yes, but it's on all
the other invoices, so I would
think that it would this would
be the same process.
OK. So now how does that go
along with bins? I'm request to
make sure that we discuss all of
the, like the types of invoices,
what happens if it's prepaid,
Umm, if there's a deposit, how,
how does all of that correlate?
So where the automation we have
a lot of different.
AR terms, OK. So if there's no
money on the order, say if it is
a factored customer who factors
with one of our factor banks and
they have net 30 times, then you
just invoice it. You just click
invoice once you're in there and
and print it. That's all you
have to do. Or if it's a A house
account with net 30 terms, you
just print it. You don't have to
apply any money, there's no
money there. But then with all
of our other terms.
If it's marked paid, um, and if
there's money on there, then you
have to actually click take
payment and you have to apply
the money. And I know one of his
questions he was saying is, you
know what happens if?
If it's a little over or a
little under. So if if we're
split shipping their order and
it's a $10,000 order and we're
only shipping 5000, but that's
just for say they've paid in
full 10,000. We're only going to
invoice the amount that we're
shipping which is the 5000 and
the remaining 5000 stays on the
order as a deposit until we ship
again.
And explain to me what is a
factor.
It's, it's to me I just think of
it as like a a financial
institution. It's it's it's a
bank they and they handle the
account and like if the customer
is slow to pay or doesn't pay
then they they do the
collections and stuff. It's not
it's not our liability it's on
them.
Like.
I'm sure we paid them for the
customer.
It's Carla. Sorry I'm really
late on this meeting, but it's a
credit line for the customer.
It's it's we have CIT and
Rosenthal or the two wholesale.
Factor banks that we use factor
banks just what they're called,
but anyways where we have
agreement they usually extend
the net 30 terms to customer for
them to pay later versus a pre
pay situation on other
customers.
That's the two, you either get
the terms or the factor banks
where you've got your prepaid
customers, those two payment
types.
OK.
OK. So then in terms of.
The automation from from that
side, is there anything else
that we are missing?
Because it seemed as though.
He was really looking for it
seemed like it would be much
more than just adding the
automation into the dispatch
notes. Does that take care of
deposit out everything for
deposit application?
And invoice formatting.
Well, by deposit application you
remember, I mean do you mean
when we actually received the
money, how that process is done
I am assuming so unfortunately
he didn't elaborate for me, but
I can definitely ask and ensure.
I was just gonna say it's just
we received checks we received
we.
A lot of credit cards.
And.
You know their the payments are
entered, however we receive
them. You know, if we get a a
credit card payment, then you
know that's centered on the
order we enter the.
The payments on the order. If I
get a check then I enter that
check on the order.
And then it stays on that order
until.
Ohh we ship, we ship it.
Yeah, it's entered as a deposit
and it doesn't actually get
applied until the invoicing.
So when when she invoices an
order, whatever was shipping,
that's how much of the deposit
we apply to the order.
OK.
And then Carla can probably
speak for.
The factoring part, because she
handles that end of.
Ohh.
You know how there's already
automation set up in the
beginning when we receive an
order for a customer that has
approved?
Credit line through one of the
factor banks, the orders, Chris
Nelson and Nazi helped me set
that up years ago where the
order will come in it like I
think it's four times or it's
it's upon every hour that orders
are submitted out kind of like
an EDI process to the factor
banks and their portal where the
water goes against that credit
line and they either gets
approved or denied. If like the
credit lines full or they are
past due, they'll deny or
decline the order for terms
until that's satisfied.
Otherwise it comes right back in
within seconds or within the
hour. Just going to help you
know because there's a timing
issue in the system and it'll
credit approve it automatically
in our system. So the order just
flows straight through
accounting, it's approved, it
goes straight into production or
allocation. So there's that on
the front end. As far as the as
you're saying as far as the
invoicing and all and the reason
I think maybe Stacy and Eric is
with us from that perspective
and Jackie?
Are we talking about wanting to
get some kind of the look of the
invoices be approved by Jackie's
department as far as how they
look when they go out to the
customer because on the IT side
I'm not sure how that works
especially with oh, what's his
name that just left us with
syspro. Your your contact Ellen
that knew everything about
Syspro and helped you all the
time. David Lang. David Lang I
think was the one who was got
with a 30 yard.
This I know enough to be
dangerous with this, but got
with a third party to add say
our logo on to the invoices or
the look of the invoices. I
think it was a third party we
used Laurie, do you know that
portion of it what exactly we
use for the look of our invoices
because right now they're very
inconsistent. I can tell you
that even on the licensees we've
got Gabby logo and unfortunately
it's all skewed, kind of wide
looking and looks very odd and
not very professional looking in
my opinion, but if we could get.
Especially for going with the
new logo and branding, we're
just gonna need to make sure
that that's consistent across
the board for all the invoices
and my wrong on that, Stacey.
Erica, as far as maybe that's
why you guys are involved or I
was just texting Erica and ask,
OK, what exactly we're on here
for?
OK. Apparently so because, you
know, we're all about, we're
about to change all the branding
anyway. Yeah. So yeah, this is
the time to do it. And my
question for this is do you have
separate Gabby invoices and
separate summer classics
invoices? Are there invoices
that combine them both to a
customer? We currently have
separate because we have those
separated. However, it's my
understanding by the end of the
year, 1st of next year, we're
going to the one branch for
2:05, I think is the last I
heard.
Was 270 at one point, but I
think it's 205. So we'll stick
with that. And so then I guess
it will be whatever logo has
been approved for that branding
that we'll need to make sure
it's on.
All the invoices for you know,
wherever however that looks and
that it's, yeah, professional
looking there we go that way.
Understanding because also
additionally, I understood that
perhaps if somebody, some
customers may actually be
getting multiple invoices and
emails a day. So we're looking
to streamline that too. So
therefore we wouldn't want them
to get 12 invoices here, here's
your invoice and then here's
your invoice. So instead of it
being multiple, being all one
package, but ensuring that the
branding is the most up to date.
And current so I do not know if
marketing has a brand template
that is used for emails or is
developing one, but that is
something that I would need or
need access to to include or or
somehow denote within the
requirements.
Yeah. So we have all new brand
guidelines. Um, they're both for
Gabby and some are classics. I
guess we need to figure out if
we're changing starting January
where they get one invoice from
both brands and then it'll
doesn't need to be Gabriella
White or does it need to have
both summer classics and Gabby
on it?
What about contract?
Contract just goes to market as
summer classics and Gabby going
forward.
But they, they're their
customers are contracts. So, um,
you know it, there's up for
discussion on whether Gabriella
White just stays internal or
does everything switch that's,
you know, accounting. HR is
going to switch to Gabriella
White. So when you say where do
you work, you go to LinkedIn,
it's supposed to be Gabriella
White, but nobody knows who that
is. So it's kind of something we
need to figure out and talk
through about invoicing and
accounting and all that. But
yes, we do have e-mail templates
that.
Can be used for this.
That's perfect. Well, and the
thing that, Stephanie, I guess
that needs to be noted somewhere
is that while it seems like it's
all quiet, I just recently
learned that our licensees, they
know when they have issues of
not receiving emails because I
mean excuse me, invoices because
they're receiving the e-mail
that something is shipped, but
then the invoice is not coming
behind it. So it's almost like
a, it's a good thing sometimes
because they're receiving both
even though it seems excessive
because it's almost like a
check.
Hey I'm expecting an invoice
mail and oh here it is or oh I
never received it so that they
can give us a heads up. I know
that's happened a couple of
times with the licensees. That's
the only examples I have because
they're the ones that's been
vocal about it to say hey you
have. I know I'm supposed to be
casual is the the main one he.
No, what's his name? Ericsson.
Ben is his name Bill. No, Bruce
Bruce Erickson. That's always
get their names though. Yeah,
Bruce. Bruce there. He will give
us a heads up and say, hey, I
did receive an e-mail, but I
didn't get the invoice that came
behind it. So there's I guess a
fine line. It's it could be a
great check and balance, but at
the same time it may be
excessive for someone to say,
hey, I'm just getting e-mail
after e-mail after e-mail and to
the point where they're not
reading them and then they're
missing important information.
So I guess we could.
Review that come separately.
And then an invoice comes, does
it come? That's what Ben told me
and that's been recent that they
give a heads up that hey, your
order is shipped and it gives
some information about that
shipment and that's an e-mail
that goes out automatically to
the customer and then of course
they received their invoice and
that could be two different
e-mail addresses as well. By the
way, maybe accounting receives
the invoice whereas I don't know
purchaser or someone receives
the your order has shipped and.
It's on its way, but sometimes
they have both of those e-mail
addresses the same in the
system. So it could be
excessive. We're not going to
fix everything for everybody,
but it would be something to
look at and say do we think it's
excessive? Where could we cut
back some of the e-mail? You
know, just so we know that
what's going to the customer is
the most important thing and
what they really need to know,
so they don't ignore it. But at
the same time that it could be a
good check and balance as well,
so.
Both sides.
My question is, are they
duplicate emails and invoices or
is it just because some
customers place so many orders
and then each time we invoice,
that invoice is emailed out so
they're getting 12 different
invoice?
E-mail today, but they're not
duplicates. So like if we could
wait and the system say, oh, all
twelve of these, go to this one
e-mail and then shoot them in
one e-mail, is that what we're
talking about? OK.
That that that is what he, in
his initial estimate would
prefer. For instance, if someone
has ordered has 12 invoices,
then instead of them receiving
12 invoices, they get one
invoice with all 12 of the
actual PDF, etcetera attached
OK, one e-mail with all invoices
attached OK.
The separate your order has
shipped, that's new to me, so
I'll make a note of that because
then I need to to discuss and
determine if that is something
that we would want to just have
the following orders have
shipped, if it's multiple to the
same and then the e-mail or
exactly how that would go. Does
anybody have any thoughts on
that? For instance if an
individual just received the
instead of getting 12?
Your order has shipped emails.
Would it be per uh? Would it be
better to get one e-mail that
has all twelve of those
particular shipped orders and
that information in one and then
the separate one that includes
the 12 invoices for instance
attached? I believe that is the
the the way that Ben is thinking
about going.
One versus 12 for most people I
think would be better. I mean,
because everybody's inundated
with emails anyway, you know,
all day long. As a consumer, I'd
rather want e-mail saying, hey,
these 12 orders shipped, and
then I e-mail saying, hey,
here's your 12 invoices instead
of 12 different emails with one
invoice each.
OK.
Well, also let me throw out
there while we're talking about
the invoice, the way our invoice
looks, you would not believe the
number of people that pay it
twice or three times, or I don't
know how many times I have
already, because at the very
bottom of the invoice it's got
the total.
Well, you know a lot of usually
when you receive an invoice, if
you don't know anything it shows
zero at the bottom. But this
ours does not. Therefore when
they get our invoice, they pay
it again, but they probably
already sent us a check they've
already paid it on credit card.
I mean, these customers,
evidently they they're not good
bookkeepers. They don't mind
paying $12,000 invoices 2 times.
They do.
Part of that you have the ones
who prepaid by credit card and
then they're calling you saying,
hey, we already paid this
invoice. Yes, you did. You don't
know it. It's just what I'm
saying is that Daddy is a
problem. But, you know, we've
just been told in the past that
they'll just have to and, you
know, learn to live with it. And
if if they do, that's fine. But
I'm just throwing it out there
because we're talking about
changing things about the
invoice, so.
We need to revisit because what
I was told in the past, the
reason we couldn't do that was
because of all the different
payment types we take that it
would be correct for some but
not correct for others. For
instance, the ones who receive
terms, there's a payoff that we
do in the system to take it off
our books and put it on the
banks books. And if we're paying
off that but then sending
invoice that shows that you owe
$0.00 amount, they're not going
to pay it. So they still owe,
they just don't know us. They
owe the bank the money.
It's it's kind of complicated,
but it's still something we need
to revisit because I don't know
that that's 100%. I I feel like
there's a process somewhere or
the timing of things that we
could skirt around that and
satisfy the prepaids to show
that they've paid somehow. But
also I think Syspro 8 upgrade,
we were going to revisit that to
see if we gain any of that type
of.
Love. Yeah be able to do it with
his probate. Is there any
changes coming with his probate
that would allow us to do that
as well and or something that
they've built in. So we're
definitely it's still on the
radar I think. But yes with this
we would want to relook at I
guess invoices in general how
they're generating out the look
of them making sure we've got
the right logo on it and that
that looks professional all the
above so we could look at
everything and Stephanie I can
send you.
Some examples of what we're
talking about because it'd be
easier to see than us just say,
hey, it looks crazy, This is
why, and this is what we're
talking about. So, so Stacey and
Erica, when will the new
marketing guidelines come out?
So I have the new guidelines
already. The internal launch
will be November 1st.
Alright, cool. OK. All right. So
then just want to be sure. So in
terms of.
Automation for invoices for
wholesale. What needs to be done
is that it needs to be added
into dispatch notes.
Is that correct? That's the
solution to the issue that we
have for invoicing of automation
for wholesale. So anything
that's just marketing, that's
just for marketing because
they're the only ones that don't
get entered into dispatch notes,
right, and that's because of the
warehouse issue, right?
Is there any automation for
invoices for wholesale? Because
wholesale is what he told me and
not marketing. Is he considering
it just means it's a warehouse,
it's a warehouse. So we invoice
out of a main warehouse or an MV
warehouse or marketing warehouse
to the warehouse determines not
the it's not wholesale per se.
We're invoicing out of
wholesale. It depends on where
the good is coming from if it's
in a marketing warehouse.
That doesn't have the automation
associated with it to be able to
invoice the way we do in a
dispatch node. So it's probably
an integration or coding issue
for that marketing warehouse.
OK, all right. It's just the
fact that he said wholesale. So
I want to make sure that because
we were talking about marketing,
alright. And then in addition to
that the marketing guidelines go
they are November 1st is the is
the date for those internal,
yes.
OK. And then external sense, we
are talking about emails and the
site, so we'll be going to
consumers. What is the launch
date for that? We're combining
it with contracts, biggest show
of the year which is November
12th.
Could be. And then in January,
we'll be out to all the
consumers on the retail side,
OK. So I would assume that it
would be.
Would we need to differentiate
between?
In other words, do we need a a
launch of when we redesign this
to go out November 12th and then
again January 1 to all of the
customers that are not BB? Is
that what would be desired?
That the redesign emails for a
specific customer like how would
you want to handle that? Would
you just rather everything go
January one? Well, if you're
doing well, we're only talking
about wholesale right now,
right?
Because like does the retail
side.
I I don't know anything about
the accounting invoices and all
of that. That's your realm. So
I, I, I don't know how that
looks on the retail side like do
they have?
They just do their own
invoicing, right?
You know the look of their
invoices or anything honestly,
right?
Similar things. Have you ever
even seen the invoices? Like I
don't think we know what the
invoices look like today. I have
no idea what anything looks
like.
Yeah, I can send you copies, uh
and I'll, I'll copy you Eric and
Stacy when I send Stephanie as
far as what our wholesale
invoices look like today.
And the uh and like I said,
Gabby's got their own essays,
got their own, but then we've
got the 25260 branches, which is
licensees and ecom and those
have a different look to them
and those I'm not too happy
with. I would love your feedback
on those as far as what we need
to do.
With the feather, no. They have
the Gabby logo, but it's
outstretched wide and it's all
kind of crazy. Heart just broke.
Yeah, I know. It is not proper
portions at all. Everything
we've talked about today will be
that November date, November
12th. Yeah. All of this is
business to business. Wholesale,
contract like all of that
licensees can, they can, they're
fine. Just let them switch.
Yeah, yeah. They'll be informed
as a B2B customer. OK, perfect.
Alright, So what I will do, and
I think you guys were about four
minutes over in one respect your
time, especially on a Friday
afternoon. What I'll do next is
I'm gonna write all of this up
into a requirements document and
then I will send it out to
everybody that was invited to
the call. You guys will have
edit access. I asked that you go
through it, make sure, keep me
honest, make sure that I notated
everything that we've discussed
and I have it written down
correctly and then we we will
reconvene after everybody had
the opportunity to put their.
And put into that document and
sure it up, make sure it looks
good and everything is good and
then once everybody approves and
signs off, then we'll send it
over to IT development for an
assignment to a developer at
that point. So does anybody have
any questions, Umm, anything
that I have missed? So if you
think of it now or at a later
date, please feel free to reach
out to me. e-mail, Umm, call I
am, it doesn't matter.
And I hope to be able to get
this document out by next week,
but I'm having a lot of these
back-to-back meetings. So I may
get delayed in getting out, but
that's my hope to have this base
document out to everybody for
review units. Wait, does that
sound good? Anything that I
missed?
Anything that anybody remembers?
No.
Alright. Well, thank you
everybody so much for joining me
this late in the day. Stephanie,
can I ask you a quick question?
So I didn't hear any talk about
like exception reporting. So I'm
assuming that once we get the
automation for the invoice
automation up and running,
there'll be some exception
reporting that we get so that we
know if there are any exceptions
that we need to work. In other
words, it didn't process
correctly in the system. Is that
correct?
Do you see those now?
Well, we do it manually now, so
we know at the time we're
invoicing whether right, we know
whether it goes through or not.
If there's an error that we
because we do it manually, we we
know that there's an issue at
the time we're trying to
generate the invoice.
But the question would be if
this is automated, we we need to
have some way to know if
something errors out and we can
go in and work that exception.
OK. I would have to assume that
would be part of it, but.
I'll make it a note in the
requirement so that it will be a
part of it. There any specific
types of exceptions that you
would want to receive? Um, let
me know. Or is it that you just?
All exceptions, anything where
it doesn't invoice out because
this is the stage, you know, an
invoice is where we generate the
revenue. So we're going to want
to know if they're issues in one
report or separate reports.
I don't know why it would need
to be a separate report, I would
just say an exception report.
And obviously we would want to
try to pinpoint what's creating
the exception. So I, you know, I
don't know what that looks like,
but.
Maybe there's not enough money
on the, you know, the.
On the order at the end of the
day to invoice out whatever that
looks like. And since she said
that when we're applying a
deposit, if we're shipping out
an invoicing out more money more
than what we have on deposit, we
have to apply the deposit amount
that we do have and then the
excess we put it on the account
as a balance due. So automation
would need to know that that has
to be done as well.
Right, otherwise it would create
an exception.
Um, if there's more money on the
order than what we invoice out.
No, no. If there's not enough,
not enough.
Yeah. Yeah. The question would
be, would it let us invoice out
and apply what we have and just
leave an open balance on the
customer.
Yeah.
So basically I would invoice it
out and it should invoice it
out. I would think apply
whatever monies are there and
then it leaves an open balance
on the customer. I wouldn't, I
wouldn't think that would error
out. We would just have to work
our AR trial balance and make
sure we keep that cleaned up.
Right, but and but now when
we're invoicing, if we're
invoicing with $1000 and they
only have 500 on the account, we
apply the 500, close out of that
screen go and to put the
remaining 500 on the account.
As a balance due and then we
work the aging, but yeah, so I
guess with automation.
It would need to do that also.
I guess I'm just assuming it's a
seamless process. I go into
invoice, I've got $1000 order
that I need to invoice out. I've
got $500.00 on deposit. I
invoice it out, take the $500.00
deposit, and then the balance as
part of that process is just
kind of a seamless process. It
just puts $500.00 on the
customer account, but it's still
invoices a customer out and then
we have to go back and collect
those funds. I hope we're not
doing a lot of that, but I guess
that's always possible.
Maybe something got changed and
we didn't know and they didn't
know. We didn't know to go get
the additional deposit, whatever
it may be, but I wouldn't,
Carla, do you know, I wouldn't
think that would air it out.
No, I wouldn't think. I wouldn't
think it would keep it from
being invoiced. No, it would
just, I hear what Trish is
saying. It just needs to know
the system or whatever needs to
know that. Yeah, it.
There's still a balance to be
collected and that goes on the
account, but we do run those
balance with invoices with
balance due report that catches
those. And if we're doing that
timely, we should be able to in
the moment go in and charge the
customer and all as well. So
it's just an additional charge
like it would have been had we
caught it before. Your point
though, Trish, I think it you I
think you're exactly right
though we probably want it to
flag it so we can pinpoint
immediately where we need to go
in and collect the additional
funds.
So it I I think you're I think
you're exactly right it's.
It shouldn't air out but it it
probably is something that we
need to be aware of so we can
pinpoint it and go in and get
the additional funds. We should
be able to run that balance due
report and then it have today's
like all of 97 you know this was
what came through or like yeah
either way we can add that in to
the to the report. So an
exception Yep definitely.
So something like that would be
would need to be added to the
balance to report which you
already have.
It's already there. We have, we
have it. No, not balance due.
It's a different report. We
haven't discussed that one you
and I before. It's a different
report. That is another
exception report we run daily
that just shows us invoices with
balances have either credit
balances or balances due on
them. But that's it's usually
orders that have terms that is
an exception report. It
shouldn't have gone out the door
without the money, but for some
reason it did. And so we're
working that to make sure we're
collecting that money where we
failed to do so. Sometimes it's
just stuff.
Added to the order Freight's
been added. Another line item
was added after we had paid it
in full, and we just weren't
aware in accounting that that
was the case and so it went out
the door without that money
collected, so.
OK.
Alright.
Well, I think I have everything
I need to get the base
requirements document put
together and then I'll get it
sent out to you guys and we will
go from there.
OK. Do you have anything else?
Feel free to reach out to me.
Thank you so much for your time.
Have a good afternoon. Thank
you. Thank you. Thank you. Bye.